Add added_snapshot_id column to Iceberg $files table (#28911)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.md

* - `readable_metrics`
  - `JSON`
  - File metrics in human-readable form.
* - `added_snapshot_id`
  - `BIGINT`

>   - ID of the snapshot that added this file, as recorded in the selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The snapshot ID when the file was first added to the table, as recorded in the selected
```
